OBJECTIVE:
Ensure users are able to visit SuperSurvey.com, click the survey tab, add multiple choice answer, preview question, save the survey and validate the request was sent successfully.

TEST SCENARIOS/TEST CASES:
Visit SuperSurvey Website:
Open the SuperSurvey website.

Navigate to the Survey Tab:
Click on the survey tab.

Add Survey Title:
Confirm title name text field is displayed and has default text "Type your Survey Title".
Confirm edit button is displayed when hovering over the title name text field.
Type survey title name in title name text field.
Click the editor icon in the survey title field.
Edit the text using the TinyMCE editor, save or cancel changes.

Choose Survey Type:
Confirm survey type dropdown is displayed and has default option "Survey/Other".
Confirm Survey/Other option can be chosen from the dropdown menu.
Confirm Survey/Other text is displayed correctly with accompaning text "Your survey is designed to obtain feedback".

Add Multiple Choice Answer:
Click +ADD QUESTION button to add a multiple-choice answer.
Click the Multiple Choice option.
Confirm multiple choice template is displayed.
Confirm question text field is displayed and has default text "Question"
Confirm edit button is displayed when hovering over the question text field.
Confirm answer text fields is displayed and has default text "New Answer".
Confirm text can override existing text and be added to answer text fields.
Confirm options to delete and move fields are visible after typing in the answer text fields.
Confirm answer text fields can be deleted and moved.
Confirm a new answer text field is generated after all answer fields are created with default text "New Answer".

Preview Questions:
Confirm Preview Question button is visible
Click the preview questions button.
Confirm new browser tab is created displaying the correct survey title, multiple choice answers and finish button.
Confirm checkboxes are displayed for the answer options.
Confirm elements on the page are visible, spelled and aligned correctly.
Confirm when answer is selected or finish button is clicked the message "Thanks for taking the survey" is displayed in bold text and center aligned on the page.


Save Survey:
Click button to save the survey.

Confirm Request was Successful:
Verify that a success message is displayed with "Saved", Date in Day/Month/Year format and Time in Minutes, Seconds and milliseconds after page refreshes.

ENVIRONMENT:
The following browsers will be used for testing (Chrome, Firefox, Edge).

AUTOMATION:
Yes, using Cypress.

DEFECT REPORTING:
Report defects to Peter Dentith.

TESTER:
Robert West
